[Music]
Hello farmers and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is al
My name is Kevin.
And we are here today to talk about cottagecore games
Yeah, counted core games.
Ooh, we like those.
So we're told.
I think we might be here to talk about every single cottagecore game in the world
Yeah, you know if anyone's going to do it, it's going to be us.
today
Mm-hmm
Yeah
You know, you ever think about like what celebrities play cottage cards?
This is just a random thought, but like, you know, Danny Trejo is a big animal crossing fan, right?
Like, I want to know who else on the upper echelons of celebrity society are into it.
You know, how can we make our way there?
Just tailor swift and enjoy patience.
I just want to know, we need somebody to blow us up.
Yeah, I mean, that's that's one one way of thinking of things. I'm sure there's there are ones
Yeah
That's the thing, that is where we get big.
Don't blow us up. That's illegal
You know, let's talk about Sunsea Island, because there's a celebrity out there who wants
Yes. Yes, this, this episode, this, this episode we are going to talk about some seed Island,
us to talk about Sunsea Island.
So let's ready. That's dead.
because we are zooming through as many games as possible before the end of the year.
Well, no, not before the end of the year, before Pokemon comes out, let's be honest,
Yeah, which Pokemon there's a lot of Pokemon going. Yeah
seeing what we can do.
Before ZA comes out.
Okay, that's fair
before that we have a bunch of news and it's not even all the news there's a few people
news I didn't add in because I mean we need something for next week and I don't want to spend an entire day talking about all those news so but there's still a lot of news before that I'm gonna ask Kevin if he has any thoughts on
[laughter]
Powell Farm before that we've got I know what you released last month but first of all Kevin what have you been up to?
Yeah. I mean, okay. Well, I've been up to Sunset Island. I played that game. I did actually.
don't say I'm so convinced
Yeah. I mean, I did. We'll talk about that. But I've been going through Shadow of the Hedgehog.
Man, that game's that's a good game. I mean, yeah, I know you know it's a good game.
Son is that Sonic egg shadows that
Yeah, yeah sorry shadow generation. Yes, not in half the 2000 whatever shadow
No, just checking you never know. Yeah, I never know when I'm talking to you
but not that game. If I am that that's a signal for help. That's that's a code
advantage that would be danger. Sonic 06. Yeah yeah that's a discussion that I
What would be worse that or I can't even remember which one is that the yeah, oh six that's what it is
Yeah, we're we're hogs on it, which is worse I
think many sonic fans like to have which one's the bottom of their
You
Personally, I lean towards Sonic 06 being worse because for every
thing, Shadow of the Hedgehog is, that game at least works, does not crash frequently.
Yeah, not that frequently at least.
That's fair. That's fair.
Anyway, yeah, I've been playing.
I love that the whole marketing around that game was just, hey,
No, no, that's that's wrong game, you're thinking wrong game, no, that's Sonic Unleashed.
wherehog, like that was everything about the marketing was that was that not?
No, Sonic Unleashed is wherehog, and yes, that was all Sonic 06 is the real, with the
realistic human. That's when we're Sonic Kisses that one.
The human girl, the human girl, wherehog was also not very good or the day part half
Oh, yeah, that was bad.
All right, my bad.
of it was not very good. The wherehog part was not very good. But yeah, no, that I'll
take, I'll take wherehog over the shadow of the hedgehog game though. The self title one.
No, interesting.
Okay.
Not shadow generations because that one's good. Even though it's reaching into all of
Yes.
of these bad games you're talking about.
Well, yeah, so look,
Yeah, I mean, I couldn't get through that game, but that is just a me with 3D sonic games problem.
Yeah, yeah, but it's it's good. I mean, I'm just I'll say this. I think Sonic Generation is probably the best Sonic game ever released
Mm-hmm. Yeah. I'd go with that.
And shadow that in you know releasing a shadow the hedgehog side game to go with it and it lived up to that part. That's that's impressive
I I kind of agree. I agree that generations is the best Sonic game
Yeah
What I do wish the shadow part because as far as I could tell and I didn't go through it huge
The shadow part was just 3d just the modern Sonic style of game. I don't think it had any of the the the merging of things to do
There
It had some so you know how these go there. There's different acts in each little right the first act is full 3d the second act is usually too deep leaning
There'll still be a few 3d segments, but it it's it's 2d leaning
I'll say that but
that's the problem it lost me in the first act because it was like ah it's just more of the bit
Yeah
that I don't like rather than.
Yeah, that's fair. That's fair
But yeah, it's it's a good game
And it leans into all the dumb stuff that sonic hands faded hate about shadow, but then we learned to love it
Anyways, so that's good
Okay, so I've been playing that you are also been playing digie man's because digimon
Now is this is this the one that has gone like has like 80,000 players on Steam just now?
Story time stranger came out but I've been playing
I
Probably because it just came out like two days ago from more recording
Yeah, yeah
Like surprisingly big
Yeah, okay, so I'm not playing that one because I'm I don't like there's a lot of games coming out
All right, it's not the one you're playing, right?
No, I'm playing the previous
Okay, so rewind to
20 I don't know 15 something like that digimon story cyber sleuth with the colon in the middle. Did you want story colon cyber sleuth? That came out
A monster collecting RPG and digie one it was very very good
Fast forward to 2018 digie mon story cyber sleuth
Another colon I guess hackers memory a semi sequel
Because it was in the same exact story and world just told from the perspective of a different character
But still the same
RPG monster collecting got it also very good
Okay, cue the other day. We got
Digimon story calling time strangers, so now it's a completely different story set of characters. It's a
more style of gameplay though. That is not the one I'm playing. Because I want to play the new one, but I am not able
And that's not the one you're playing, just now.
to, unfortunately, I'm going back to the old one. Because I never beat the other one that came on
2018 hackers memory, the one from the different character. So I'm going to through that now.
Anyways, I'm playing that it's monster collecting. It's very, very good in my opinion. I like how
they manage the systems of being able to grind and collect and do a lot of stuff at once. You can
have a party up to 11 creatures. You only have through on the field at once, but all the other guys
get the experience nonetheless. So you can grind and evolve and collect stuff very easily. And also
So they're their collection methods interesting.
You don't throw Pokeballs or whatever you just have to encounter a Digimon enough times on the wild and then you can add it to your collection
Which is I don't know. I think it's fun because it's no no moss. You don't have to fret about trying to catch it just happens over time
Anyways, but yeah, you're a good game since last time. That's that's roughly what I've been up to though. What about you? How's going on?
Well, obviously, I have also been playing Sunset Island, and we'll talk about that later in the podcast.
But also, I picked up a couple of days ago.
One desktop.
Oh snap!
Let me tell you something.
Yeah?
Steam does like to snitch on me.
I boot up the game, and about 10 seconds later I got a message from Azeland.
Okay.
Yeah.
[Laughing]
Who was streaming on Twitch at the time?
Yeah!
[Laughing]
With just wonderstop in all caps.
Toxic live on 2-inch.
[Laughing]
Ah yeah!
Good stuff!
So I think we know how Azeland feels about the game.
Oh yeah!
[Laughing]
I mean, I was an on-steam at the time.
If I were, I would have done the same thing probably.
[Laughing]
It was there was another one that happened with Kelly earlier than the year and I can't even remember was I got a message from them
Oh, that's hilarious.
Commenting on the fact that I'd boot it up a game
Oh, that's great. I love that.
boom
Very silly, but there we go steam leaves no secrets. Yes before anybody
Tells me in the slack yes, I know that you can turn off that setting, but I like it. It's funny
It is, yeah, at least the months like this, it's good, it's good stuff.
I've only got about two hours into the game
So I don't I think it's too early to how to give an opinion on on it
Um, I I died. I think you have a there's a pretty good picture like overall
I'm not gonna talk about the gameplay because I I think I need to put more time in before I make a decision about how I feel about the
Yeah
Sure
But obviously I will see that the game looks gorgeous. It sounds gorgeous, and it is definitely
I can see what it's going with this story and
I mean
It's it's obviously going to be very emotional. I can feel that. So yeah
Yeah, yeah, I mean that opening that that opening comes at you with a sledgehammer like there there is
Those are all good things
You're getting into it right away
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I'll leave it. I'll leave it at that and I won't talk about the gameplay
Yeah, okay
just now because I need to, I need to play some more before I make a public declaration of an opinion.
Okay, well, let me ask you as of right now your limit experience. What would you like it?
Hmm
As our game as our whole?
Yeah, let me just yeah, yeah, that's a hole right there's different parts. Okay. All right, that's all I'm just curious
Okay, I'm again with the context very limited, but that's fine. Okay
it's really hard. I don't because like I have some issues with the gameplay. Let's put it that way.
Sure sure
Which I need some time to decide whether or not that is because I'm just not used to it yet.
Or whether it's something that will always be an issue for me and I don't want to talk about those
issues yet on the podcast because I think it's unfair without getting it more time.
Okay. All right. Well, I mean Jason, I have wanted to make a second episode anyways for
a while because we want to talk about the story like full full spoilers. But okay, that's
that's that's all right. Good stuff. Wonder style. That's a good game. Very possible.
So yeah, only two hours into it, but I'm hoping to have it done before ZA comes out. I've got two weeks
It's a it's well. Yeah, that's the thing. I mean how long to beat says 10 to 12 hours
>> That is correct.
And I've got a week and a half until the game comes out. I should be able to do it considering like I put
150 hours in two weeks
[laugh]
Into tears of the kingdom. I should be able to do 12 hours in a week and a half
Let's be honest
And if and if I don't manage to put in that minute time before ZA comes out
I'm probably never going to right like that's the that it's one of those things where it's like you're obviously not enjoying the game enough
Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah.
If you don't get in that that minute time for me, obviously different people have different
Speeds of these things. I'm not judging anybody in there. They're games speed times
But for me if I don't manage to put 12 hours into a game in two weeks. I'm not enjoying the game
Yeah, that's like what an hour a day. That's nothing. Yeah. Um, yeah. That's fair. And you know what, it's a good time because, you know, Z a feels like, are you, are you a rollercoaster fan? Oh, or do you get rid of the middle.
so
Exactly exactly
I have been and I am a fine theory of roller coasters.
Okay.
My problem is I get motion sick quite easily.
Sure. Sure. Yeah, that's rough.
So I can only go on a certain number of roller coasters in a certain, like I have to,
if I'm a theme park with people, I will go on one roller coaster for every two
Yeah, y'all limits.
Yeah, okay. That's fair. That's fair. Okay. You know, well, hey, hats off to you. That's impressive because you work through it. That's good. Well, anyways, I was going to say ZA feels like the the lift, you know, the climb at the start of a rollercoaster because after ZA, oh my goodness, so much stuff is going to come out. I don't know how we're going to fit other games in. Yeah, games in general.
that everyone else goes on and I'm like recovering.
I'm recovering when they're going on the second one.
You just mean games in general or are you specifically about Pokemon?
Yes, both.
I mean, there's gonna be a lot of Pokemon next year. It's got PCopia champions if you care and then there's gen 10
I keep forgetting about champions.
Yeah, yeah, you know who will be good. I don't know but and that's and that there could still be more it's Pokemon 30. It's gonna be a big year
What, what a, yeah, come on, sure, I, I'm convinced there's going to be a fourth thing coming out next year. There'll be another spin off. And I, I'm, I'm kind of wondering whether it might be a remake of something, not, not a remake of a main series game, a remake of a, a side game, or, or something like snap, where they do another one, which is, you know, something like that. I don't know, but I don't know what it would be at this point. Maybe, maybe, but what does that look like in 2026?
I
am - absolutely
Ooh, that's a good call, I like that.
New Poke Park!
I don't know.
Oh, do you know what would be great? And it's not going to, no, and it's not going to happen. It's not going to happen, but you know what I would be great is a new RPG game. It's not going to happen, but if I could, if I could do one thing, I would love another one of those because that was so much fun. And my problem with playing the card game is like people.
Detective Pikachu remake.
[laughing]
Oh, yeah, it's not gonna happen
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
(laughs) Like there's just, there's so much, so many extra variables when you're dealing with people, but like, I really enjoyed playing the Game Boy TCG game because it was like, because it was an RPG. It was fun. You were working through a story and like, there was an end goal to get to and you were building up your deck and trying different things was fun. I don't enjoy doing that in like live or pocket as much. Um, exactly, exactly.
Yeah, no, that's right. There's a pressure when you're doing other people. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. No, I totally get them. That's very fair. Um, as someone who enjoys card games, I, there's absolutely a different feeling when it is a single player game or just playing against computers and there is a different appeal. Absolutely. I get that 100%. That'd be great. It's not going to happen though. Yeah. Yeah. Um,
So yeah, if that if I get to put in my vote that would be my vote a modern version of the TCG game by game
What would be your vote if you got
what I would want. I don't know. Popeye is coming out. That's all I want. But, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. You know what? Uh, give us a new mystery dungeon because the last one I got was a remake. Yeah. So that's, you know, that's really easy. Yeah. It's been a minute. Yeah. Yeah. So give us a new mystery dungeon. Why not blowing your fruits? It's me.
Sure, sure, sure, but like I'm talking about like a remake or a new game in a series that hasn't had one in a long time
Yeah, it was yeah, and that's I'm not being like four years. I think hasn't it 21. I think it was
I still haven't played that
It was a flavor, a specific flavor. So I, it's hard to, I don't know. You would let get enough. I'm going to guess no. I mean, because it's roguelike, first of all. And, and it has the big problem. Yeah. Yeah, it was. And it, it definitely has the big problem. You, you don't like where you die. You kind of lose all your progress. You can kind of salvage it gives you an option in some games. But, um, the, the momentum killing is kind of bad.
Yeah, well, it was roguelike before the rogue, before roguelike was big, right?
what's really funny is I didn't I didn't know it was a roguelike until like a year ago or something
Um, but it's also Pokemon. Oh, my goodness. Oh, that's amazing. Oh, yeah. But, uh, yeah, Pokemon. So wander stops. Good thing got it before Pokemon because all this is coming out.
and I found it out it was such a big surprise I was like I can't believe it's taken this long
for me to find out that the mystery dungeon games are roguelikes what is
madness
Yeah, well, it well exactly I was trying to decide what what because part of the problem is I've got a whole bunch of games
I'm trying to get through this year
- Yeah.
and I was like I'd finished Sunset Island
Nearly a week ago. I think was when I messaged you saying I'm finished it
- Mm-hmm.
And there was like I've got time now
But I don't want to play another farming game that I'm gonna cover on the podcast because
Then I'll just forget all about...
Before I actually record a podcast, because obviously it's not going to be the...
You know, listeners don't know, you know it's not going to be the next podcast, right?
Yeah
So it's going to be at least two weeks until I would talk about it.
And the next game I'm going to play for the podcast is a very short game.
Yeah
So it's like I do not want to do that.
And then the next one would be like even further in the future, so I don't want to do that yet.
Yeah, yeah
So I was like, but here's the game that I want to play before the end of the year.
But I'm probably not going to do a podcast on it because we've already done a podcast on it.
Yeah. Yeah. It is. That's it. It kind of fits perfectly. And that's a lot. Absolutely.
And so it's perfect timing.
And it's about the right amount of length of time to be able to do it before ZA.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. There you go. All the signs pointed to playing it good for you.
So I was like, everything's aligned. It's finally time and it was on sale.
All right, that's what we've been up to. Let's, oh, oh, and you go. Go for it.
Okay. Wait. One small thing I forgot to mention. I had a terrifying, it's not even something I did,
just a feeling I experienced.
The other day that terrified me out.
Hold on, wait. Let me see. What did year did this come out?
Yeah.
Depends what this is
Okay. This game came out in 27.
Oh, it's a game. So it's not but it's not about the Simpsons doing a second film then 20 years after the first
No, it is not.
No. Which is wild. But, okay.
Did you hear? Did you see that?
Somebody, I think I was in the discord chair that I forget somebody from one of the Simpsons.
I talked about how they didn't think they'd be doing another movie.
And then, like, two days later, they know.
Oh, yeah, it was Nancy Cartwright, he'd said it on our podcast. Yeah, it was very fun. Amazing timing. She was like, I don't even know what you would do.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like, yeah, okay, like I get that, but also that's why you're not a writer. That's why you're a voice actor, right? Like,
Yeah. Yeah. Also, that means she didn't know about it.
I also find it funny that people are like, who are even who's even asking for this. And I'm like, you realize the Simpsons is still going because people still watch it, right?
yeah it's yeah it is still a cultural you know milestone icon it's it's it's yeah
like it does good ratings it's going
to do well like it's not going to be the best film the highest grossing film of the year and anything but it's going to do well like what are you talking about exactly I am I am also still doing my Simpsons watch through I don't know if I've mentioned this on the podcast or not but I I am watching one episode of the Simpsons every week every weekday and I've been doing it now for nearly two nearly two years I've been doing it for now.
Okay, that's a good pace oh my goodness
So I have
It's the perfect thing is depending on when it comes out the film and it comes out in 2027
But it might be just after I've like I don't think we have a date for it. Oh, no, we do. We do have it. Let me double check
So I'm not talking in
Concepts, okay, yeah, wait, no
Okay, so it comes out in July 2027 that will have come out that will come out four months after I finish watching all of the Simpsons
Oh my god.
Assuming.
Assuming that they do do a season 38 because obviously they're doing season 37 just now, so I will finish season 36 at the end of next year that will be December next year and then January 27 will be season 37 February will be season 38 and then the film.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know whether season 30 we finished by then or not it depends when when it's finished but point is I will just be almost to the month like just a couple of months out from finishing perfectly on time to what.
There you go. You will be the most ready human being in planet Earth for that's great.
Then you film.
Okay, anyways, what I was saying though, that's okay. No, that's that's crazy. You know what's crazy
I've never actually seen like a maybe one for a set of
I maybe I should do what you're doing. Double up on it. I don't know. Anyways, but I was gonna say the
2017, eight years. Eight years.
Not once have I ever said to myself that I want to play Fortnite, but it happened the other day out and I'm scared. I'm probably not going to, but I looked in its general direction for once and it is absolutely I was playing on PlayStation and I go to the home, you know, the menu or whatever, you know, there's like the news articles or like news related to you and I see
Is this K-pop demon hunters?
Contrix under the fortnight and I'm just
screaming oh that's that's a good get I'm yeah that's a good get
I've seen a lot of videos of it.
It looks like very satisfying weapons to use as well.
yeah yeah it works absolutely yes it's right
I totally get, it's such a good thing
to do for them to do a collaboration.
Because sometimes it's like, oh, OK, right, fine.
You've got Darth Vader, OK.
Congratulations, do we care, right?
But then sometimes you've got a film which
is like one of the biggest films of the year.
It is the biggest Netflix film ever.
people love it. And it's it's
animated, so they fit in perfectly. And their whole thing is combat. Like it just all comes together and it is genius. And you know, you know, this they I as much as Netflix probably had faith in this film doing reasonably well because they obviously paid money to get it from Sony.
- Yeah.
Yeah
They I suspect they never expected to be big enough that it would go in Fortnite so you know someone's been rushing to get this done.
[laughing]
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, no, they've said like after the movie's success, they're like, we are rushing to get spinoffs and the nurse going or whatever, but yeah, they got that really fast actually kind of looking at the timing.
Yes, it's impressive
Zane. So yeah, I will probably not play for tonight, but I'm thinking about it, and I'm very uncomfortable with that feeling because that's that's a good one.
fair enough. It's been a while since I've looked at Fortnite and gone, okay, I'm interested.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. I'm good. Let's talk about stuff that type.
Again, I'm not going to play it. But yeah, okay, I see the, I see it again. Alright, we've,
we've got, I know what you released last month. A relatively short list for September. We
have four releases. We have little witch in the woods released 1.0.
Good for them. 1.0. Yeah.
We have slime rancher to released 1.0, which I hate so much. She really should be 2.0. It's
slime rancher to 0.0. And then obviously we got star birds early access. And we got voyages
We talked about that.
of, we did. And we got voyages of narrow early access. Yeah. Yeah. So that's, that's
Call me when that starboard says 1.0, then we'll be talking.
I hope.
that, that's September. Um,
I don't know this one at all. Cool. Oh, that's a Moana. This is, we get Moana at home.
It was a cooperative survival crafting game where you must survive a magical ocean world
brimming with lot spirits and deadly monsters.
It's a Moana, yeah, it's the Moana, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, okay. That's Moana now. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. Probably, it is a pretty
I'm sure that was farming in it somewhere otherwise I probably wouldn't have been on the list,
but it looks gorgeous.
little bit. I'll say that. Power farm. Yeah. Oh, I, I have in fact played power.
Um, yes, tell me Kevin, I've talked a bit about Power Farm on the podcast.
Tell me your thoughts, please.
Oh, remain me, you have played Power World, right?
Yes, good, right.
Um, I'm, yeah. There's farming in power. Right? Yeah, there is. You grow crops. Yeah.
You're trying to figure out where to start.
Is there now?
I'm pretty sure it's been a while.
to be done wrong, but no, I'm pretty sure you have farm and you're the pals maintain it.
Yeah, because you have ones that water it absolutely.
Okay.
Yeah.
There is farming, right?
So like Power World is, you know, sandbox, survival, Minecraft ish sort of a game, right?
Crafting and building and surviving all that stuff.
Yep, and you catch the the the pals to like do automation and stuff for you
So, you know, yes, you do.
And you can, you know, you level up your skill.
Tree and you, you unlock new recipes to make automated, you know, automate more stuff
and whatnot.
So the bones of many cottage, cord systems, farms, systems are, it already in power.
So it's not entirely crazy to see a game like this, but like the, it's two things, one, they're
just really leaning into it and both good and bad, because this is animal crossing
you took those files right from animal crossing.
But it makes sense, I guess.
We never really had the pal's.
And it also, it also doesn't, it correct me if I'm if, if you disagree, but it doesn't feel like they've just taken power world and made it a farming sim. It looks like a different game. Like it looks like it's got the same sort of, you know, models and textures and stuff, but it look, it doesn't just look like take that engine, throw farming into it.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
Yeah, absolutely, it is a different schedule.
And they are building this from the ground up for a different experience.
So yeah, I'm just, I guess I'm kind of surprised to see it happen, but it makes sense
when you glist out all these elements, right?
The down to the fact, you know, apping off other games, which, you know, I forget the developer,
but they've done that several times.
So sure.
Why not?
Um, Parker bear. Thank you. Yes. Right. It, if it also speak.
Pocket pair. Yeah.
The success of power. Right. Right. Got spin off. This is crazy. Um,
the one thing I will say, like, I'm glad to see they're not showing away from the dark,
crazy elements that that power world is not afraid to go into. You either Russian or
- What would the Russian relay?
let? Yep, you can catch your roommate. There is. Oh, okay. So like in power world, you can
capture humans like you can.
Well, they're not afraid to do some bonkers stuff.
[laughing]
I bring this all up because the key takeaway for me is that there is a non-zero chance
we can marry a pal in this game, which would be right up their alley that wouldn't be
surprised.
Yeah, so, oh, it's bananas.
Am I going to play it?
I don't know.
like, I just, I guess.
I'd need to see more of it. It's, it's more of a time thing, right? Just like there's a lot of other games. This one isn't like pocopia is is curb stopping this, you know, cottagecore building thing. But we'll see.
It's, it is wild. And there is an element of like, I'm not saying pocket pair is even necessarily a good developer like ethically or whatever.
But just given all the legal
they have they're putting up with from Nintendo.
I'm, you know, good for them to keep sticking it to them.
Yeah, I mean, you know, is there anything ethical is there any ethical consumption under capitalism? Probably not. But that doesn't that doesn't mean that things aren't better and worse.
Okay, yeah. Yeah.
And it doesn't mean that you can't, you know, root for someone who you think is being taken advantage of or is a root against somebody that you think is taking advantage of the system.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's doing things that wouldn't necessarily hold up in court, but
definitely would scare away a lot of people, these sorts of things, and also a system in and of itself that you might feel shouldn't allow software patents as a concept in and of itself, right?
Yes, yep, yep
Like there are a lot of people that have that opinion, so I think it's totally fair to be like pro or anti certain companies, even if none of them are essentially
Yeah. Yeah, the enemy of my enemy is my friend for at least today, right? Well, okay. You know, I, I have one. I don't, I don't remember if I hurry on the podcast
when you talk about pal farm, but a question for you, Alan, do you think the timing of that trailer
So obviously, they can't have known about
Pocopia coming out when they start,
Hm, right.
like this game has been in development for at least months,
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah.
right? Like there's the, they have a game here.
I wouldn't put it past them to have seen the release
and go, oh, quick, get the trailer ready, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I mean, either, but it's also hard.
And get it out as quickly as we can.
I wouldn't put it past them doing that.
I did, and I don't, and I don't think the coincidence
of it coming out a week after Pocopia was announced
is enough to say that they definitely did it
because these things happen.
The fact that they were both working on farming games
at the same time is evidence enough that these things happen,
right? We know that people do these things.
Is it surprising that two of, you know,
the biggest creature collection game makers
are both making farming games in a time
where farming games are becoming more popular.
Is that surprising? No, obviously not.
Why would that be surprising, right?
Like that's, that would be like being surprised
that Ubisoft made a breath of the world like in 2018, right?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, good. But yeah, let's I'm also this I'm glad pal farm exists. Well, I play. I don't know. But I am glad this nonsense exists.
Don't be an idiot.
Of course it was going to happen.
It's fun to think about, and the A's pocket pair just a bunch of trolls who are also
game developers, maybe, it's hard to know, but I mean, I'm not complaining about that.
At this point, yes, they if they were before they are now.
All right. You know what we can or not complain. I don't know.
There will definitely be some stuff to complain about later.
Well, I haven't looked all these in details. Sick.
Probably not at the beginning. Let's start off with the news.
There's a lot of gaming things to complain about gender in general, not even just this news.
Yeah, there's a lot of news.
Oh, yeah, let's not, let's not, let's not get to under the EA stuff, please no.
Fuck does this first news item make us rage too? I don't know. Let's see. Okay.
No, it does not, because I don't know whether this is meant to be pronounced Eila
or iali. uh...
It'll go without the sea.
yeah, it is
ela, ela
uh...
anyway uh... ela a frosty glide
uh... this is um... uh... another uh... which broom flying game
um... it is announced that they're release
Do the two nickels.
they've announced that their release state is going to be the 20th of october
That's soon.
yeah I mean I think i've been up
I kickstart at this game I think um...
[laughs] I've got you there. Um... I... it looks a little more uh... platformy.
shush shush it was over a year ago I kickstart at it
but the point is that
it's been a while I think
yes I did kickstart at it's s oh it's estimated delivery date was November 2025
Oh dang. Oh snap. No. Yeah. And you know what? And the game does not look bad. It's, you're
they're getting they're releasing early from their kickstart your date
that never happens that's mad
Props to them, I worked.
That's really impressive.
going to a big snowy mountain. You're, you're not riding the broom a lot of things. You're like
surfing on it almost and platforming and jumping. Um, it's cute. I'll say that.
Yeah, yeah
Yes, they called themselves a cozy exploration platformer
Okay. Well, I, uh, every time, every time you just, it's, it's a mad libs of game genres and
descriptors just, just keep making things, putting things together. Okay. I mean, but hey, good for
them. It looks good. I'll say, you know, it looks good. They're releasing earlier than they planned.
That's impressive. And that's going to be on everything. All of your consoles and steam. Good for
- Wow, that's good.
It was February of this year that it was the Kickstarter went up.
go? Well...
So they've gone from launching Kickstarter to release in less than a year,
and that's earlier than Target.
Denton
There are people who love this game who are working on it cuz they're probably doing it before the Kickstarter um
Oh, for sure. Of course.
Yeah
This one is, we need to get this over the line.
Sort of the Kickstarter rather than we have a great idea on it to create it.
Yep
Yeah
Which you know is honestly the best kind of Kickstarter. Let's be real like
Yeah, that just feel good. You have a good idea.
It's real and we will help you carry it to the end. Good stuff.
Speaking of releases star signed island have announced that they're releasing on the first of February 2026
Interestingly, I don't know where they announced this because so there is a link to in the show notes that we are linked to
What's it called?
YouTube video of a trailer
YouTube.
It doesn't mention the date anywhere in the video or anywhere in the description or anywhere on steam
But for some reason everybody just seems to know that they're releasing
on that date and I'm very confused as to how that is the case.
[Laughs]
So, okay, I don't know where this came from, I can't see a press release, there's nothing
anywhere that I can see, but for some reason every game's news says it's releasing on
The video just says wishless now.
that date, so I have no idea where the original source of that was.
I don't know who is, we're developing this because this is, this is like China specifically.
It is a Chinese developer, I believe. They're called Seed Lab.
Yeah, I would assume so. Yeah, I see it. Yeah, you're right.
They've also released a game called By Phase, which is a 2D platformer. It looks fun.
I don't, I've never heard of that. Okay.
Yeah, I don't know what the deal is with this developer this game. It seems to be everywhere.
Yeah, man, I don't know.
It was in a direct, I think, and it just seems to like everybody's talking about it for some
you know, it's, I know it, I'll say this, this one, you know, drinking game, take your
Oh, I found it. I found it. I found it. It's on Twitter. They've announced it on Twitter February 1st, 2026.
shot. It does look cozy actually. Oh, there you go. Yeah, it looks like you're setting
up a farm garden thing. Like, I don't know how to describe it. There's your building. There's
Like build that you're setting buildings to or like, expect.
There's a lot in this trailer. There's a panda and a capavera playing PS5. I don't know why.
Yeah. I mean, to me, the game very much looks like a 3D starchy-like.
Yeah, there you go. There you go.
And I guess what we'll need to see whether that turns out to be a good one or not.
And we'll see.
I'm still a bit FA on the 3D farming games in general. We'll see how this one does.
Yeah, the production quality looks high. We'll see that.
How crazy is it like China, you know, 10 years ago, China was still bootleg laughing stock, you know, video game world.
And now they're kind of kind of taking over the market. It's kind of insane.
- Yeah, cool, 'cause I was black myth with Kong
as a Chinese game, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
And that was up for a game of the year, like.
Yeah, it was.
I mean, we got Mahoyo. We got a nanta.
All right, what's next?
All right, next we have ages of Kateria have announced that their early access is coming on the 5th of November
Okay, remember the fifth and November.
Yeah, my son's birthday
There you go. Good. Good day to have birthday, kid.
I Fox day.
I I think I kick started this one
I do like look at this game. I think
What I think it looks more it's I think it's more management style
But I like the idea of like kind of building up a village throughout the generations, which is what this does
Yeah. Yeah.
And although it is more management style that does seem to be
You can control individuals and like I've seen a bunch of many games for example and you do seem to be controlling some people sometimes
Yeah. Yeah. All right. They got a big roadmap, though. Like, there's, there's some stuff in here.
So we're interested to see how it goes
I would thought would be in their release, but okay. I don't know. Trading, chatting, those kind
Yeah. Okay. Next we have Harvest Moon Home sweet home, apparently. So this is the one that was
of seem important in my opinion. What? Hey, good for that.
released on iOS and Android last year and is now coming to consoles and Steam called the special
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
edition because the new version has updates to it.
has apparently said that the update is coming to the mobile version on the same day as the game comes out October the 30th, but I can't see anything about that on the internet. I have Googled for this. I do as well. I just also want to see it from someone else. I don't know where they got it from. Yeah, I know. And that annoys me as well.
Okay. Oh, that's nice.
I trust FOGU.
Never stop Sarabee.
I don't know if they don't know whether it is going to cost anymore or not. That hasn't been announced, but apparently it has been announced that the update is coming, which is good. The special edition is more expensive than the mobile version. So one would assume that the update would cost money, but it would be nice if it wouldn't just say. We'll see I guess.
Yeah, yeah, I mean it's yeah, we'll see
Next, we have Disney Dreamlight Valley, the returned beasts castle update. It is out now and it brings Lumire and Cogsworth. Cogsworth. Sorry from from Beauty and the Beast. Classic. Every single time.
Yeah, then we're in the game already. Yeah, okay. Yeah, except this one beast in Bell were in the game like from the start
I think weren't they then then this. Yeah, okay. This one's a little more valid
Yeah. I think so. Certainly early on.
Well, no, because they needed to have return to Beast's castle. You can't do a return to Beast's castle without more characters from the film.
Sure, you guess so
Yeah fair enough that gloomy air looks great
all right cool I like I like beating the bass I like lumeer and cogsworth
uh, speaking of updates, Rusty's retirement has gotten autumn, uh, they're calling it a mini update.
I think you could just call an update, right? Come on. Because this adds a whole, it adds,
[laughing]
- Micro update.
oh, don't even start with that. This adds a whole new map, an autumn themed map. I feel like when
you're adding a map, it's legit to call it a normal, centralized update and also just call it an update.
Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of a big one. Probably okay, call mom with you.
It's just an update. So.
There is a new autumn themed map where mushrooms spawn randomly across the farm. The mushrooms
can be harvested by harvest spots, pumpkins and white pumpkins are jackal lanterns for the month of
October. 10 new berry bushes have been added. Well, exactly. Rusty will put on a special costume
That's cool.
This is a big list for a mini update.
on the day of Halloween and a bunch of other smaller things. So if you are
Now, that's cute.
all into Rusty's retirement, go get out of retirement, go play the app.
Yeah. Unretired. I go play the retirement. Um, yeah, okay, you know what to turn here's the
question at term. And if it's a mini update, how much does the version number increase? How many
Oh don't don't
decimal points? Yeah, that's, that's my mission.
You just look for ways to throw me don't you?
Fields of mystery are have released speaking of version numbers 0.14.2 the feedback update
Yeah.
It adds a bunch of quality of life improvements that things things that people have been wanting such as
That's a good one.
buildings becoming transparent.
When you walk behind them, crafting you have a max button,
loving you to craft the max total items.
Okay, that's theoretically a good one, but who on earth needs to craft up the 999 of anything.
I mean, look, it's not going to be 999 most of the time, right, because you're not going to have the
stuff to be able to craft 999 of most things. So it's probably going to be like, you know, 30,
Yeah, I guess okay
but for most of the time, you can buy bundles of wood and stone instead of having to buy them
Okay, oh fine, okay
individually. I'm a bunch of other smaller updates as well. So another good sounding update from
Oh, oh geez. Oh my gosh. That sounds a miserable. Oh, thank goodness
and feel the mystery are.
Yeah, I mean feedback update. That's that's probably the best update you can have. That's a good one. Good for you fields of mystery
There's a lot of things to do.
I'm still not going back to 1.0.
That's yeah, I mean, that's my rule of thumb and cross the board
They've also announced some new marriage.
So we now have more than just the creepy pins.
Kevin.
No, I, well, is it more creepy pants?
It is not as plushies.
[laughing]
No!
There's a chicken.
And there's a dog on a cushion.
>> [BLANK_AUDIO]
Oh, that is cute, actually.
>> And also bath bombs.
No, wait, what?
Okay, okay, that's very targeted.
I don't, okay.
Wow, that dog is very cute.
It's a $28 set of four bath bombs in a box.
Okay, I'm not a...
Look, this is hard for me, I'm a very tall guy.
I like, my bathtub is not particularly comfortable for bath,
[laughing]
so I'm not a bath guy.
But I do enjoy baths, I'm sure the one was a kid.
Our bath bombs worth it, I've never used it, I don't know.
I, I don't get what the, as far as I can tell, they just kind of make it the bath fizzy and then smell a little bit.
That and I think yeah, I roam. Yeah
And then they, and then they make it a little bit weird color. I, I think they're just a fancy way of doing bubble bath.
Yeah, basically I guess
It's like, do you want bubble bath, but also it's like a little bomb. So it just fizzes a bunch.
Yeah, yeah easier bubble bath in a ball. Okay
Do you want that? I don't want that.
What does tell us why we should care about bath bombs? Why do you like bath bombs? Do you like bath bombs? Tell us why.
I mean, I
Will say like
This is stupid because I know this is wrong, but they bath bombs look delicious. I'm like, oh, they're like delicious candy
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They quite often do.
hahaha
So have you ever been into Losh and just looked around and been like,
Yeah
I feel like I could eat everything in here.
Yeah, yeah
Like dog is very cute, you know making a chicken plush is very hard because
How are you gonna compete with the story of seasons chicken how you can't
a fair question. Firefly village have released a new update as well. These smooth moves
Yeah, all right better than creepy pins
Oh
and fluffy friends update. So this adds two changes. This is the game that we talked about last
Hello
episode. It adds two changes. One is a change to movement system. I booted up the game just before
Yes
Okay
this recording to test out because that was actually one of my complaints about the game
was the movement felt a little bit weird. It is
better and worse. So it is better. It does generally feel better. So one of the issues that had with how the movement worked as it felt like it was delayed a bit. So when you took your finger off the button, you'd still move a little bit after you took it off, which didn't feel great. That's gone and the movement feels a lot more fluid, except Kevin it has the BDSP friction issue.
No, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I like that.
So I keep bumping into my scarecrows and stopping and I don't like it. I don't like that at all. It's too sticky. The scarecrows are too sticky. Not great.
Uhh, sure.
Yeah. Uh huh.
That's there. Yeah. Okay. Well, well, that overall, that sounds like a net positive,
like that sounds like an easier to deal with. Yeah.
it is definitely an positive. The problem with specifically the scarecrows is that you don't get to choose where the scarecrows go.
They are in a specific place on the farm, but they are in a, so if you go from a straight line from the barn door to your door to the exit of the farm, that's one straight line, and right smack bang in the middle of that are the four scarecrows.
Mmm. Mmm.
[laughs]
Yeah.
Oh. (laughs)
[laughs]
So...
Uh...
Oh, pre-generated obstacle course.
The obstacle course.
You constantly, constantly walk right next to them.
Yeah. (laughs)
And the problem...
All but not now.
[Laughs]
That becomes a measure of how good you are at the game.
Oh, how well did you add the muscle memory to avoid that scare?
[laughs]
I mean, the good thing is I'm not going to be playing the game anymore.
Unless they add stuff.
Because the only other thing they've added is bunnies.
They've added an animal, the bunnies.
Which, as fun as they are, they give...
You add them like the chickens and the cows.
Cows and they give you
Fluff is apparently what they give you it sells for money, but like I've already done everything in the game
Okay
So I don't need to sell for more money
Yeah, sure
So I went in I bought my three bunnies and I went great done. I've done it all here
There's nothing more to do there
So it's not a particularly big update. I think it's weird that they added in the bunnies as well as it's like
I don't know what's happening here
Did they have more plans for other updates and I feel like it would even better to kind of put them together in a bigger up
Update if that is the plan and if it's not the plan
Yeah. Yeah.
Why are you adding bunnies in I'm just I'm fairly confused
It's like sometimes creators just have the whim.
Fair fair
They have that dream.
Yeah, I'm going to assume that they have more plans for other updates
Because it's it's been a month and a half since the game came out and I think that's their first proper update
other than just like bug fixes
Yeah, I don't know. It's interesting
Hmm, well, okay, you know the the buttons one thing but the movement like I think that's not just a great update
But it's a good sign. They're they're working on it even from like the very core issue. So that's cool. Good for you
Yes, yes
Yeah, of course listening to listening to feedback improving the the experiences a good thing
I think it's just like if you have more features planned
I would bundle them together because I don't want to I like I don't I only
Bit it up the game because I wanted to see what it was like so I could talk about it on the podcast, right?
Yeah
Like if I wasn't talking about in the podcast, I wouldn't a bit up because there would be no point there's nothing to do
Yeah, that's very fair
Yeah, you got to wait for the two point over them
For a major update now one of those mine mini update
I was I was gonna say speaking of updates to aren't gonna make me open the game
You know speaking of many updates
Say tomato tomato
Hello Kitty Island adventure has a spooky celebration
It's hollowing
costumes
Costumes, I thought they already had but sure. Yeah, yeah
Look the the cute costumes
And okay fine
Yeah, you know what you know what this makes me think it makes me think hey, I'll have you seen my melody and karaomi the Netflix series
I haven't actually.
It's a stop-motion animated series focusing
Oh wait, I think, yeah, I think I saw some clips of it, but yeah, I've not
Yeah, I don't watch it, but that's all this update reminds me that that shows this and looks awesome because it's it's stop-motion looks beautiful
But hey, all right, there you go go
If you spooky your hello kitty island adventure. Oh, oh, you can go spooky
Speaking of come on stop stealing my segue's Kevin
Your go-go town
adventure
Speaking of spooky costumes
Gobo town have released a new Halloween decor decor
in the game
Didn't they act like werewolves into the game? Am I recall correctly? Yeah.
Yeah, I think you're right. Yeah, but they were like actual werewolves not like this is just
Yeah, I'm just saying
this is decorations
picture plants. Yeah, okay. Oh, that I do too. You get like a square Jack Atlanta, but you could,
Also, backpacks.
The van point is fine, but the jack-o-back is a great one, and I love the name.
you know, back back. That's pretty good. Yeah, it's like a bat without the face, I guess.
Yeah, it's pretty good. Agree. Oh,
They've also announced there are some information about the Co-op update.
They are kicking off a small alpha test soon, and planning for the update to be out.
And they're planning fast travel, that's cool, that's cool, I added a bunch of plants,
late November. Air
Oh yes, I missed that. Well, I don't know why the subway doesn't count as fast travel,
it's pretty much fast travel. Maybe this is fast, fastier travel. Alright, now it's time to get
I don't, oh that's a good point. Fast your travel, I like that.
Subway, the subway's going on a subway, a big one.
I know you did by version numbers.
Yeah, oh again.
Goodness and thank you.
Yeah, well, up till now, it's just being Kevin trying to do it deliberately, whereas now it's like I'm actually going to get annoyed about this, right?
Carl Island, what are you doing? They are, ah, this annoys me so much. So the one point, okay, you go then.
No, wait, wait, I want to read the two, no go, I just say 1.03 update, being splinted to two,
The 1.3 update is being split up into two updates. And instead of releasing 1.3, but with less stuff,
they are releasing one point to be
and then one point three because they realized that they wanted to get stuff out earlier fair enough the 1.3 update was getting too big
But don't don't do this like just release 1.3 with what you want to have what you're having it
Right because what they're doing here is they're going oh, we don't think we'll get everything we want done for 1.3 in the timeline that we want to get 1.3 out
But we still want 1.3 to have all of the things that we said it would have in it
[laughs]
So at like this isn't nobody's gonna look at this
single oh 1.3 is coming later but it's fine because I get some of the
features now no they're gonna go I want the kids to grow up that's the feature
that I cared about and it's not coming yet like so just just change the scope of
Okay.
1.3 release 1.3 and then add those other features into 1.4 it is not difficult
Look.
1.2 b is a stupid version name don't do it oh yeah
My favorite part of this is that the first part of 1.3 is actually 1.2.
[Laughter]
Okay, I will say this.
I get the logic because looking at the list of the updates,
they're adding a haunted house in 1.2B or whatever, right?
They want that out before Halloween.
That's the reason they're splitting.
Yes, sure I agree. I am not I am not against them releasing an earlier version and then releasing the other stuff that they haven't got ready for this fashion into the next fashion. I'm totally fine with that the numbers what you doing?
I can tell you, right?
And that's fair, but like, just change the numbers.
Yeah, oh
There's a jolly's see system coming out
Wait manual say what do you mean manual say it's not out. Okay. I
Remember, I mean, Stardew doesn't have manual save, right?
Didn't know that
Oh my gosh, it doesn't I move what I didn't think about that yeah, I did I mean I
Did you forget about that?
You know, of all the things he's added in, he's never added in a manual save, he's still
Dang
just to have the save on sleep.
Let's create, okay.
All right, rant over.
Faith Arm, the drama continues, although I guess it's less drama now and it's more like
Good stuff.
So now that faith farm has been purchased and we can debate whether or not the owners are good or bad, that doesn't be that as it may, the service for faith farm will continue to run.
So that's good at least.
Yeah, it's launched in 2023. It's been that long that long two years. All right. I get mm. Okay. I
The game's not on paper dead
Well, and they've also said that they, uh, so they've said were committed to supporting and growing the community that has made faith farm so special.
This is just the beginning that are more announcements to come about the future of the game, which sounds like they have plans for updates, right? Because you don't say, Oh, we're keeping the servers open. And there are more announcements to come.
Okay, yeah
Yeah
And those announcements are we're going to shut down the servers, right? That's not what you do. That's not good.
Yes
Yeah, but okay, here's the question. I'm gonna be I'm gonna be real. I'm gonna be harsh for a bit
Burial Burial Kevin.
Some games you're gonna wish the service and just close instead of getting updated
Tushy
Look some people like this game
I'm looking at you Overwatch
[Laughter]
Yeah
All right, we've also got two new games to talk about. Oh, I'm tired
I also got to walk up with a cold this morning, so if that my voice sounds funny, that's why
what what i'm sorry i'm just reading what wow i've we've been making this podcast for how many years
and not once did I ever think we've been talking about the seven deadly sins anime what
The Seven Deadly Sins Origin is an open world anime RPG set in the universe of the Seven Deadly Sins,
step into the role of Prince Tristan of Leon, Leon, and explore an open world Britannia,
as you embark on a journey to restore order to a world thrown into chaos by the collision of time
in space. When it says to Britannia, is that like...
I've never seen the show. I don't I just know it exists. I know it has a large following. Don't ask me
Is that based on because like Britannia is this Roman name for Britain?
Yeah, maybe I don't know like don't ask me
Well, I did I did ask you
Why is this I'm just very confused
Wait, it's as well. It's very definitely based on Britain. Let this look at his map
Yeah, okay, okay, there we go
there's there's the
Britain gold
This this game has farming
All of them are fame. It has a lot of things.
Yeah, I mean like I'm probably not gonna play this game. I'm not vaguely interested in it, but
It was I was it there. I think it was the
Sony state of play it was an instant and I was like watching it going. Oh, yes, this looks very anime and then I saw farming of
goodness sake
[laughs]
So there we go you get that here's a token talk about it
I'm not gonna play it. I'm probably not gonna talk about it on the podcast, but here you go. It exists. If you caterbit this
However, the other new game, we have to talk about...
Petit Planet.
This is a Hollywood-verse farming game,
which brings up lots of questions.
Oh, yeah. Okay, which I may be able to answer some. So, ask away.
Well, so the first question I guess would be is this going to be a gacha game because that's what they that's what the that's what their expertise is, right?
Oh, no. There there is and to my no, I don't know if the first time I was gotcha. I'm
going. I'm going to say yes by default. I don't actually know, but I'm going to lean towards
- Yes.
And then I guess the next question would be,
"How do you do, uh, gotcha farming?"
- Well, okay, off the top of my head.
You're, it's, you unlock neighbors, basically.
Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I could see that that actually that I would be okay with that
Right because I am fine with just not
not playing
But you know like if you took if you took animal crossing for example and instead of like the
Getting the villagers by going out and your thing on your little expeditions instead you just like
yeah
paid money to speed up getting one.
I-I-I don't-
I think that's-I mean, I-I'm not saying it's a good thing. It is probably not great because, you know, some people are gonna do it when they probably shouldn't, but like, there are worse things, I guess?
Yeah. Yeah.
Realistically, people were paying for that anyway, because what they were doing was they were paying for someone who had it to get rid of them and then you could connect to their game and get them instead.
I was about to say look at it just
Go back to the Raymond the meepo cards
Yeah, well, exactly. Exactly. And people cards, that's a good point, and we will-
Yeah, okay, so
what cards was just this version of it paying for it, right?
Yeah, yeah, there you go. I mean, okay, here's the benefit, right?
Unlike other Mojo games if it's just cosmetic neighbors because obviously we're not combating or whatever
You know, it's not it's it's not influencing gameplay, right in the ZZ certain character
Just better and you got a pull for them or whatever here you're probably you know, not in a mess on any mechanics or
The neighbors won't be tiered by gameplay probably yeah, probably
You never knew.
Yeah, I'm not saying they won't be tiered for other reasons, but
It's interesting though, um, and I don't know it's what it's well because this was
Just shortly after Palafom, like everyone's getting in on-
cottagecore, it's crazy.
Well, exactly. Are you surprised. Um, I can't figure out what this is going to be on.
Uh, it probably, I'll tell you everything.
It's gonna be everything.
Okay, because like the trailer doesn't say anything and there is no Wikipedia page for it and their their Twitter
Yeah, no, I mean, no.
Doesn't say and their website is a dreadful website trying to do anything on that
Yeah, that's cool. Hmm. I mean, they're gonna aim for mobile dude. Like my audio games from a while
um
But while that's the thing, is it just going to be mobile or is it going to be on because all of this seems to be like
Probably not
All the screenshots. I'm seeing Luke
Uh landscape rather than portrait
Yeah, I don't think it's going to be just mobile.
They're, they are too dang big and they know that they know that they're going to
aim for everything.
I can't, except for me, the latest game that just came out or it's coming out, I think
Oh. Oh, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. So the play test that they've got coming
everything is on everything.
up soon is on iOS and Windows. So we at least know two things that it's coming out
on iOS and Windows. Interesting choice that those are the two things that they're doing
>> And it'll probably go from there.
the test on. It does see the test is only available
on iOS and PC brackets windows. We will continue to expand an optimized platform
support in the future. So presumably it is then coming to other things. Yeah. It is very
Yeah, yeah, if they're doing PC, it's gonna come.
interesting. I mean, in terms of like just talking about this outside of all of its other
context, as our farming life simulation game, it looks fine.
Yeah a big part of the problem with a lot of mobile marketing it's hard to actually gauge
what the game is like from the bit trailers they put out and that's very much true here.
Yes, there is there is a stop motion section they do which shows somebody like building up their little village and it does look very much like a you know, you would expect in the standard farming game life some game so.
Yeah. Yeah, you're building paths, setting furniture, catching bugs, fences, gardens.
It looks like New Horizons but in Mohoyo flavor, that's all it is.
Yeah, I don't if it wasn't a high-virus game. I don't know if I would be interested in the game
Hmm, no no it's fair. Yeah, it is fascinating. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, I agree. I probably
Not because I like I've not played any high-virus games, right?
So I'm not interested in it for the lower of the characters just out of the fact that this is fascinating
Right the same thing with pal farm, right? I don't care about the pals. I don't care about pal farm in general
I care about it because it's interesting that this company is making a farming game
will not play myself. Here's the thing on the hoyo verse, they usually don't cross-pollinate
[laughs]
their properties as of right now. So, you know, I'm saying this with the big
asterisk if they ever change that and say certain, I don't know, zenless on zero
character show up and then I'll be the biggest sucker for this game, but it's
just, I don't know. It's crowded space. There's a, I really playin' for copy up, man. That's what it
boys down to you. I like that the dog guy is
Oh yes, the other thing, I guess, if it is not a gadget game, does it cost money?
Because...
That's a good question cuz none of their games cost money right now, I don't think
Exactly. So presumably, it's going to be one of the other, right?
Oh
Yeah, I'm presumably. Yeah, I'm gonna guess what may it's yeah
So many questions.
I'm guessing gotcha or micro transaction heavy somehow. I don't know
probably, but I just am fascinated to what that looks like and how does the monetization
Yeah, I am too
work in a farming game?
Yep, you know, okay, what one thing I will say
I'm trying to just feel out from the trailer like they're showing all these like small planetoids like Mario Galaxy planets
It would be cool if you could go to different ones build up different places, you know
Yeah. So from what I what it my assumption based on the trailer is that these are other people's ones.
Oh, that's it. That might be it. That's a good point. Yeah. All right. That's fair.
Because I'm going to like do do other hoverist games have like multiplayer stuff.
Not really
Okay, but if very much looked like they were going to someone else's thing there,
Yeah, that it could be it that you know that that would be that would be a good angle like the first really multiplayer heavy
like there were other there were other player characters.
Muhoyo game. Yeah, that could work
And then, and then you suddenly, you suddenly understand why they're doing a farming game if they wanted to make a multiplayer game. This makes sense as a multiplayer game.
Yeah, yeah, it does yeah, I agree. Okay. Well, there we go
Oh, bye. So much. Uh, next week, we'll have four other new games to talk about. Um.
No, I sick
Okay. Now we're going to talk about Sun Z Island. Uh, I guess quick check on how these things are.
I played and finished the game, Kevin, watch your status on
I played, did not finish, based off the upgrade pads, I think about it about halfway, but you know,
fair enough. Yeah. Oh, well, yeah. Yeah, no, absolutely. It's, uh, yeah. It's a very clear
I get the, I get the gist. Yep. What's your, wait, what's your playtime? That's important.
what you're wanting to do. Um, okay. What's my playtime? Let me check my playtime. I think
I believe you said 13 hours roughly.
so. Let me double check. Uh, yeah, 13 hours to 100% the game. Um, which is a thing. I mean,
Yeah, it's a $10 game. It's 13 hour. You're in 10 13 hours. It's
I like that sort of size of game.
Well, $10 if you're buying it, Phil Price.
I mean, did you pay what what $2 for it?
Yep. Yep. That's correct.
Was it? I paid zero dollars for it because for some reason I got it free like six months ago.
Yeah.
No, I'm there.
I don't know how that happened.
I thought it was on sale for like 50% off went on to an apparently in the UK story.
It was free. It was very confused.
So I was like, okay, I'll buy this then.
you go. Okay. So the game is you are a cat. I think you have a name. I don't remember
I don't think that matters.
it, but a cat with a little sun like Pikmin style sunflower thing on your head. Every character
>> Yeah.
has that. They're like, that's the lore of the game. Everyone's born with a little Pikmin
flower on their head saying, "This is what you're going to do. You're going to be a carpenter
or blanks made with yada yada, yada.
the sun. I get that they're doing the sun equals farming but it just feels a little bit less.
yeah, you're going to be yeah, I think well that's a thing because in the little story you're like the last one to put because all these characters are coming off a tree basically and you're the last one to come out and nobody knows what yours is that's part of the question like what one on earth is that's supposed to be and you've caught them just as the village your little world has kind of deteriorated so you are now trying to
It makes less sense than the rest of them, I think.
rebuild the town and village and whatnot and so in my opinion my interpretation is you're the son because you've now become the center of the solar system universe whatever you're you're bringing life and light to this place and helping you grow that yes, okay, just take it like one or two says for the same idea you're helping you grow yeah, okay, but all right so but that's the point you're
Oh interesting. See I just I just did it as crops need sun. I'm very literal.
building up the island you know and let's get into it because it's a very to the point game oh that's a good idea I think overall I like it I give it a thumbs up the big winner is the art style right it's very cute like storybook sort of art style the presentations lovely the game runs well there's no
Alright, do you want to talk about it in general how you feel about the game before we get into the individual mechanic?
vlogs or crashes that I've encountered and it again keeping in mind the price and the you know scope like I think it does its job well but you know I think like some overall issues like it's very grindy repetitive sort of stuff what about UL
- Yeah, I think I'd mostly agree with that.
Certainly in terms of the hundreds of farming games
that existed is a more interesting looking one
graphically than many of them.
The animations are quite simple, but it's okay, that's fine.
I guess what I would say about this is it's fine
and I had fun, but there was nothing
that stood out to me as amazing or interesting.
It's just, it is what it is, I guess.
And I guess it's trying to do some things
in terms of your relationships with the other people
and like you're talking to them and you get a little bit
of their story and then you do a little thing for them
and then you get more of their story
and then you're finished their quest line.
But I didn't find anybody's story interesting.
Yeah, that's the week part, the week is part for sure like the villagers are cute designs or whatever, but you get so little out of them.
Yeah. And they don't have a life outside of their shop. Every person that you get,
And in a village based game, that's kind of fundamental.
that you bring back to the island has a shop and they spend their entire time from the moment
you wake up to the moment you collapse on the ground in their shop. And you don't even really
talk to them directly. You're talking to them through the cash register. Like, you walk up to
them and you can't do anything. You walk up to the cash register in the shop and you can then
click on that and either talk to them or buy from their shop. And so it very much feels like you are
there as a prop. And if I'm going to talk to you, it's like kind of accidental through this feature.
And once you're finished with your questline, you can't even talk to them after that. You can
Yeah
Which is really disheartening
Yeah, that's kind of the the weakest point the the scope is our scale the game is limited and you can really feel those limitations
especially the villagers
And I guess that's the problem as like yes, that is where it's weakest, but it's also where it tries to be strongest
Because it's it's trying to do story
But and realistically you've got to do something interesting to stand out from the crowd on these farming games, right?
Because there's so many of them now
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't like
And so it tries to do that with story, but it doesn't really do it
It dips its toe in the water and goes hey, we have story ideas and you're like, okay, you're gonna
Do anything with that? No, no, what I'm gonna do anything with that is weird
Nope. Like, I was labeling this in my head for a minute as probably the best cookie clicker ever made,
[laughing]
because well, let's get into some of the other gameplay, right? Because that's what's driving
at the gameplay loop of collect resources, build an upgrade, a building. Like, the first, you have,
you know, you're standard, you walk around, there's a stamina system.
And pretty almost everything costs them, except picking up a few things.
Well, so yeah, so that's interesting that you say accept a couple things but one of those things is fishing
Yeah
Fishing doesn't cost stamina, which is weird
Fishing is weird cuz it also doesn't eat up time
It does it doesn't you can basically fish infinitely in one day. It is such a bizarre way
You can't I
It like you lose like you lose like two minutes
Did that I didn't have to worry about money ever again
You lose like two minutes each time you fish and then other than that. It's so like you can you can go through so much fishing this game
Yeah, yeah, I like I when I did a ton of fishing like the first day or two and you know basically solve my money problem and have to worry about that
Yeah, yeah. Oh, there is, there is no money problem in this game because as soon as you
But yeah, so you're
start getting animals, the money rolls in as well. Like if I, if I look, I currently in
Yeah, yeah, that's true
my game, I have 290,000 money and there's nothing to buy. Right? Like things cost like 500
Yeah, that's correct!
to rebuild a shop. Right? Like it's not, and I have nearly 300 grand.
Yeah.
Right? Like you're, you're, there's no such thing. Like it doesn't, it, money is not a problem
in this game ever. Like from the moment you start to the moment you end, you are never
Yeah, yep, stamina is probably the real kicker. I'd say especially in the first half of the game.
It's the most limiting factor, you use a lot of stamina for a lot of things, not just early on, farming is brittle the whole time, it costs five stamina to water, and you start with a hundred stamina, and so yeah, our plant or pick is like five stamina, so if you have a full thing of
Yeah, especially early on farming is brutal.
Or, Poe or Plant or Pick. Yeah.
far crops, that's the word, farming things, crops, let me double check how many it is in the...it is four by six or 24, so that is a hundred and twenty stamina just to water everything, and let me remind you, you start the game with a hundred stamina, you can't water everything! (laughs)
Yeah
It's like this
Yeah, there you go, so it is
Yeah, so you got to find food lying around the ground. Yeah
It's wild and
I'm jumping a little here, but the way farming works like if you don't water doesn't grow.
It's not gonna die, but it doesn't grow. It just sits there. So you have to water if you want to progress.
Yeah, yeah
And so much of the game is so much of the story is progressed by the farming
Like, you know, a lot of the things that people need for you to get them back to the island or to progress their story
Requires you to farm things, which is fine. It's all tied together, right? Like it's it's all mostly fetch quests tied together
It's quite a sense.
- Yeah.
with story
And like, you kind of have to do everything a kind of similar piece.
It's to complete the game, which actually does mean that you finish the game kind of roughly similar in everything right I there was a couple of things that I had to like grind for at the end of the game, but because of how it's all tied together most of the things were all done at the same sort of time, because it gets you through all these features.
- Yeah.
it's like, you know, you're, you're.
You're first cooking will be because someone asks you for a meal and you're like,
oh, I can do all this cooking. That's, that's great. Um, it kind of,
Yeah. What's nice is it is, and I think part of it is you can see a lot of the big upgrades, you know,
that is nicely tied together.
buildings and stuff. Like they show you what materials you're going to need. So as soon as you unlock
them, you can just load up on them. And so you don't want to reach the next step of the quest. You
You can just drop a mountain of resources and just upgrade all the way.
Yeah. I don't other kind of controls based things. Uh, I'm not a fan of how slow the walking is
and like your toggle running and then running becomes the default speed. And I'm just like,
Yeah. Yeah. Yup. Yup.
why do they even have bother having two speeds? Why would you ever want the walking speed?
There's no negative to doing the running and it's a toggle. So you just like, you toggle on
and then you're running. And then the only time you ever have to do it again is because you've
accidentally hit the button. And you're now walking again. It's such a weird thing.
Yup. And then you just get, it's just a frustration point. And something important. There's a,
you know, as most of these farming games, you have day, night, time, clock. And this is like
where it's going by real fast. You get a day done in, I don't know, a couple of minutes.
Because the clock is moving. So you can not afford to walk. It's not just the preference. Like,
you walk, you will not be able to do a lot in your day. I agree with you. It is kind of baffling how
slow the walking is slash wide exists to begin with. Um,
So yeah, the first thing you do is you've got the gathering, you get wood from trees and you get stone, I think, it's been a week since I've played the game.
Yeah, it is with chop your, yeah, pick your stir rocks, chop your trees, get your wooden stone.
Is it stone, is that what it is?
Yeah, and you use them to like you fix a bridge first and then you like build a, I can't even remember what the first shop is.
It's the lumberjack and the blacksmith because they're the one who processed stuff because you get the raw wood and stone
There you go. Yes, of course.
Yeah.
But then you got to process something into bricks and you know like wood planks or whatever
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good point.
So you're, yeah. It's, it's a gathering and building thing to start with
certainly and then eventually you get to farming because I don't know about you,
but I started the game and I was like, where, where's my seeds? How do I get seeds?
How do I do the farming? And they just randomly start getting them from
Yeah, yeah, yep
quests and it's actually quite late on that you build the shop that lets you buy.
more seeds. And by that time, I had hundreds of seeds. Like I, I, I basically never
bought it. I maybe bought like four tomato seeds because I needed them for one
recipe that I'd mucked up earlier. That's it. You don't, I, I didn't buy anything
else, any other seeds because you keep getting the seeds.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the quests because that's the other driving factor like getting the quest right the rewards are very generous
They give you a lot of seeds. Oh my I agree
I unlocked the herbalist the person sells the seeds and I haven't bought anything around me there
And and that's and you know everything we've talked about this point build up a building do some quests and then that unlocks
You know an item. Oh, you know
I think to keep our missing here.
You're on an island, right? So you have travel to other islands, that three collect different types of resources.
Yeah, it's very much like the the animal crossing islands, the way you travel to them.
And so... Yeah.
It's basically like that, except you unlock travel passes to the different islands.
Mm-hmm.
Yep.
So you start off just on one island and after a certain time you get travel pass and you can go
to the next island and then you get another travel pass and you can get to the next island.
Yep.
Yeah. And...
That was an interesting way of doing that. It worked fine because it kind of like got you
because there would be no point in going to the next island because you could.
And you wouldn't have your your your pickaxe upgraded to the right point to be able to actually do it yet and you've got things still to do on that island. So it kind of felt like it was nicely guiding you through everything.
Yeah, absolutely. It was, yeah, the progression was intuitive, um, but, uh, but this is kind of the hard to get the game, right? Like this is why I call it like the ultimate cookie clicker case, you build up a building, you unlock a new island, maybe you go get the resource from the new island, there's a villager that you can having to move, but you have to go do a quest, so you do some farming.
and then their quest reward will be a pass to the next island and rinse and repeat.
I wish I had a little more flavor, a little more soul with the villagers talking with
them and interacting with them, not just all about the quests or whatever.
Yeah, yeah
You mentioned the processing of items. Let's go back to that a little bit because there's a couple of weird things for it
Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
first of all
it processes
real-time
Where is the rest of the game doesn't so if you if you go to sleep
Yeah. It is very weird. Yeah. Yeah, or or even in the menu, because how
Nothing is processed in that time because you've been sleeping, right? It's like immediate, right?
But if you pause the game
And go away and come back
It processes while you're paused because it's processing real-time
our works is you go to the menu, let's say the lumberjack, you go to the menu, and
there's basically a slot put in the wood plant, you know, the wood logs here.
And then you see the bar filling as it's, it's selling them into wood planks coming out.
You can stay in that menu and just watch the bars go. Time does not pass, like in that
Yeah. No. It's, it's, it's just really weird that everything else is based on the internal game clock, except processing, that what runs real time. I don't understand why it happens that way. But here we are.
menu, but stuff gets processed. Yep. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I don't know or better and for worse because you can use yeah
Weird.
Yeah, both. Definitely both.
What are you gonna do?
There's also another complaint about process, no, I complained about processing. There's a button that allows you to.
add. So if you press like the a bot, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. So if you press the a button that adds one thing into the processing thing, if you press why it adds 10 and if you press X, it adds all of them, but it doesn't tell you that on the screen.
What?
Oh, I hate this.
The only reason I tried that is because that's the case for putting things into the chest. And I was like, Oh, I wonder if it does that in this menu as well, and it does.
The chest, when you move stuff.
I hate that you got.
And I find that right at the end of the game. So my entire 13 hours, I wasn't doing that.
I've been mashing so much aid and put all those blogs in the lumberjack.
It was the most annoying thing about the game tapping a to get a hundred hundred rocks into this processing thing.
Oh, my good.
So terrible.
Okay, processing is fine other than that it's anything else we
talk about farming we talked about the stamina thing being weird other than
that is kind of fine right like you you tell the land you put this the seeden
new water and then eventually after a few days it grows. Oh I will say okay one
thing I really like about the game I love the designs of all the crops and the
animals they're all very unique I like how it did that.
Yeah, very stylized absolutely tomato pank. It's look a little gross. I will say but
Overall, yes
low pimples.
Yeah, that's basically it. I don't like it
[laughter]
But my agree. Yeah, the the visual aspect is top notch in this game across the board
um animals are interesting um have you done animals yet? I don't know if you're that far yet.
I was starting, too.
So you get them and the first day you don't do anything and they give you a crop the net
uh an output the next day but after that you have to give them feed you put feed in their
trough and then if you do that the next day they'll have their output great but see if you
forget to pick it up one day. It's gone the next.
You can't pick it up the next day, but that means that you just lose that, right? Because then they don't have it for the next day either because you've not put the it's like they're eating. They're product, but it doesn't actually do anything because it doesn't give them another product.
Oh yeah!
Mm-hmm, which
Yep
Like it's just you just lose that day completely and you have to give them more feed and get the product the next day. It's really, I think this is this is I don't understand why it does that. I just forget that you have the thing there.
Let's
Oh, that's a little rough
if you go to sleep.
You can then start selling that the product that they have and like within a couple of days you can buy another one and then it's like then a couple of days later you can buy another two and then a couple of the and you just it just exponentially increases the amount of money you have.
have, it's wild how much?
The animals give you like if I didn't need the crops for the cooking, I wouldn't have continued to farm because the animals are just such big money makers.
Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Um, and that's, that's kind of, uh, I think another
limitation of the game. Once you're kind of done with the resource, you
don't really need it for anything. So, you know, like, why ever go back to the
basic, what a rock. It would have been nice if there were, I don't know,
like furniture you could craft or something, but, uh, I don't know, just
Once you're done, you're kind of done.
Um, I don't think, I think we can have already talked about the islands and, uh, fishing.
Oh, we didn't talk about them any game.
Oh, we didn't talk about fishing. It's it's stardew
I hate it.
It's it is worse than stardew. It's the same idea of stardew of the bobber moving up and down and trying to stay on the fish
But like the timing of it isn't great
The gravity is worse in this the gravity is lower so if you accidentally tap higher than the fish you're probably lost it
Yeah
Yeah, yeah
You're not it's not gonna come down quickly enough
It is yeah, and it's rough
Yeah, it is aggravating a lot several fish because of that you you
Yeah, I'm out of hand. The the fish you mean to get like it's it's start to put worse because it's dead
Like, like many things you get used to it, but that doesn't mean I enjoy it, right?
Yeah
Yeah, I agree
I got better at it, but I still wasn't enjoying it and one side caught every fish I was
done.
Yep, that's correct
I have a bunch of bullet points that didn't really fit into any of those individual sections
Oh
That last one's the last one.
that I just want to go through.
This one's a good one. Let's get to it.
So first of all, when you finish the game, this is spoilers.
That's fine. We'll live.
There's like, you finish it, you grow the tree, and then it goes at like two pages
of story from the beginning story.
And I can't even remember what it was, but it was like, oh, maybe we were here to bring
the tree back, you know, like, uh-huh, obviously.
And that's it.
There's nothing else.
Like, nobody comments on the fact that you've done it.
There's no celebration.
There's nothing that's just, it's just it.
That's, that's, that's your done.
No party!
And because, and because this is on the switch, there's no achievements either.
Like, how do you know you've actually finished the game?
Tree's growing.
Is that it?
Maybe.
I don't know.
I don't know if that's it.
I think it's it.
I'm pretty sure that's it.
I'm pretty sure it's done.
I don't know.
The menus don't support the D-pad and that's very annoying, especially as it has some weirdness
in terms of if you open a menu and your analog stick was still slightly too
way.
I'll pick in the right seat. Yup.
Yes, you tell the land and you put in a seed and then you move immediately to the right
and you press the button to put a seed in, but then it's still registered the fact that
you were very slightly touching the analog stick.
for it moves on to the second.
you're on autopilot because you're like, I have eight tomato seeds that I'm trying to do here
and the tomato seed was the first one when I went to the last one so of course it will be the
first one when I go to this one as well so you tap a a a a oh wait no I just I just pumpkin in the
ground. How did that happen? Because I happened to be slightly touching the analog stick when I was
moving to the right, and I tapped the menu. It's a very annoying, I
heated with passion.
Yeah, it's not great. I've many accidental clicks or selections in this game. It's not fun
uh ba ba ba ba what else um oh yes so selling items uh go into what's called a chest right it's
not a shipping container it's a chest uh which I feel like could be very confusing the first time
Yeah. Yeah.
I did it I didn't know what I was doing I assumed it was going to sell them because it was sitting
outside my house but there wasn't another chest except there was another chest is in a different
It's in the position. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's one thing about the game. It has tutorials, but it's all inside a menu. You don't actually, it doesn't pop up to let you know anything.
building. There's a building with an actual chest in it where you store stuff.
So, you know, I don't know, because, you know, there's tutorials, you have extremes on both.
And right, you have hand holding and everything to everything popping up. But then there's this where there's the toys. You want to go look at it. And hope it's nice to get a little guidance on some stuff like this, you know, but I don't know. I've never thought about it. I'm a busy man. I have stuff to do before midday.
Yeah. You can't sleep in the bed before midday. That's annoying. Why is that the case?
Yeah, but then at the end of the game when you're trying to speedrun the last three
cooking things that you haven't done and you're trying to get through seven days of growing
ooh yeah who that's a good point
pumpkins. I don't want to do other things. I want to wake up watching.
my plants and go to sleep, but I have to do other stuff until it's midday. Why midday, specifically,
that's I don't know
what weird time? Why is it okay to sleep at midday, but not 11am? Like I would get if it was later,
that's a weird time. Also, don't do it later. That's bad. The pause menu has two items, resume and
back to main menu. If you click back to menu menu, have you done that at all in this game?
I have it more than once more than once, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
Yeah, accidentally pressed it. There's no confirmation. So you click it and you've lost your day.
And of course, as we mentioned, there are issues with the menu, registering movement when you
didn't realize you were doing that. I've done that so many times. I've lost most of a day because I
just marked that up.
Also like the visual part of it, like which a menu item you're selected, it's not
Super Bowl like it makes a button lighter
but like it's on a light of like wooden light brown background so
Yeah. And also the problem, the problem so many, so many UIs do this where they have, oh,
the item you've selected is a different color. Okay, great. What if there are two items?
Yeah, like on this menu.
Which, how, how do you know, how do you know which item is? Which color is the right color?
How, how you meant to know that? If you, if you've got three or more, sure, two of them
one color and one is the other color. But when you've got two eighths
them, how are you meant to know? I agree, 100%. And finally, my
You're up, yeah, be up.
other random thought that didn't fit into anything. Why is there a letter box?
I love this one
There's a letter box. I have never once. I have completed the game and I
So you don't get anything? Oh, that's great. I love that
haven't once seen a letter in that letter box. I don't understand why there's
a letter box in this game. My only thing I can think of is there is a DLC for
This game, have you seen that?
I I got it. I am not touched it. You there's an extra island. I did not get a letter about the DLC
Oh, you did.
Oh, see, that was my question. I was wondering if that was, if that bit, okay.
Nope
It's an island. Maybe if I go there I could get it. I haven't actually done anything with the DLC
But I didn't even get any letter saying hey you get the DLC. No
Well, I don't know why there's a letter box in this game. I've not once had a letter and I've completed the game
Yeah, I don't know
That's crazy
I've I think I've hundred presented the game cuz I think you need to do everything like you have to have all of the
All of the fish all of the plushies all of the
Bugs all of the
Artifacts all of the cooking meals meals. There's the word. You have to have all of them to grow the tree
I don't think there is anything else you could
can do in the game so I think I have 100% of it and I haven't had a single letter.
Yeah
I don't know
Nah, that's it. Like there's a lot of great things. You've heard we got a list of stuff that's questionable
Aggravating at times, but and the bigger thing is like
You know, you wish you could interact the villagers make it feel like an island more. You know the
Not just hey go to the next
quest or whatever, but that's kind of what it is.
So it's a shade too because it looks it's such a beautiful art style.
Yeah, I don't know. I can't tell whether we're coming across a positive or negative about this game
Yeah, like I
Look I paid zero pounds for it and I had a lot of fun for that money
You paid two dollars and it sounds like had more than two dollars worth of fun out
Absolutely yeah, even you pay I would pay full price for this game
I think I'd be okay with that. It's not a bad game by any means
But is it for everyone? No, I don't know. I just look at it. I guess
See if you want it. I don't know. I did
I don't want it. I'm not saying I'm not recommending it, but am I gonna recommend it? No, I guess if you want like you said, it's fine
I mean, I think what I would say is if you are looking for a small, short farming game and
Yeah, do you like those checklists number go big yep like
you don't care about characters, this is good for you.
If you like characters, play Firefly Village, who is talking about last week, I think that's
Yep, yeah, I again back to my label best cookie clicker for me
better for characters.
Yeah, I don't know what else is it yeah, yeah
And yeah, it's fun. I enjoy it. It's not going to be my game of the year, but I enjoyed it.
All right. Thank you, Kevin, for joining me to talk about this game. Is there anything you would like to say to the audience?
Thank you. Oh
Yeah, I don't know I'm not doing anything interesting. I'm fine. I'm good. Thank you. I
He's doing our good look at his art.
Do I just the rumors have it I've made ours don't post it
I'm very bad
Well, post it then. Goodness me.
I did on the discord. I didn't post it up. No, wait. I did did I think I did I don't remember I look
look, I'm also a spider squared, artist squared.
All right, you can find the podcast on Tumblr and on blue sky at THS pod.
You can send us feedback on our website harvest season.club.
We have a working feedback form on there just now.
You can also find links to everything to do with the podcast including a link to our
patreon patreon.com/thspod where you can get access to a slack and talk to us all about
the silly things we are up to. People on there are just experiencing stardew for the first
time. So that's fun to watch. It has. It has. You can also get access to our bonus episodes of
Yeah, it's, uh, it's like, it's been popping off lately.
the podcast. What was the one we just did recently? Oh, the superhero films. Yes, I finally watched
super hero films. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Red Sonja to finish off the list of... and it is fine. You know, I will say we talked about the fact
that obviously she's in the comics is quite a...
the thing. Yeah. Yeah. Melgate's designed. Yep. Yeah.
a bit of bare bodied, shall we say, not a lot of coverage.
They do a joke about that in the film where she's given basically the size of thing that she gets in the comic books and she's like,
"Am I really meant to be waiting this?"
And then later on she gets to select a different item of clothing and it's because she complains about how little coverage it has for not...
It's not about, like, looks, it's about...
Because obviously she's fighting, that's her thing, and she's complaining about how little protection there is, but when she gets another thing to replace it with, it has almost no more protection.
Yeah, yeah
It is almost the same. It's maybe got, like, an extra, like, two centimeters at the bottom of the bikini, and it's bizarre how they're, like, self-aware about the clothes, but then don't actually do anything if to fix it.
Yeah, yeah, that's great. I love it. Good times.
Let's make a joke about it because we're aware, but they're not actually interested.
Yeah, so it was it was fine when I was completing the superhero films. I don't think it was it would never have cropped cracked the top three that we talked about, but it's probably better than Henry Danger for me.
Yeah
Well, okay
I believe you
All right, I think that's everything then. Thank you, Kevin again for joining me.
I'm a good harvest everyone, I miss them completely.
Thank you listeners for listening, and until next time, have a good
The Harvest Season is created by Alma Henry, with support from our patrons, including our
pro farmers, Kevin Stewart, Analisa.
Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
in this episode.
Okay, I'll give you a small just a just a little nibble here. Okay capcom capcom cup. It's their big
the Street Fighter
yearly annual tournament, right?
It is the prize money. I think is over a million at this point. Oh
I'm never going to bed tonight, am I?
No, no
They've done it for years. They're doing pay per view this year for the finals you have to pay
What? No! That's insane!
60 bucks to watch.
There's the finals live.
Yeah.
There we go.
I can't, am I like...
All right.
And you know, it's fighting games.
Fighting games are not the most popular kind of games, you know, to be from the.
Yeah, who's spending that money?
To.
I don't know.
>> [BLANK_AUDIO]
Like, if Pokemon tried to do that, I'd laugh in their face and walk away.
Like, what are you doing? That's madness.
>> Yes, yes, right, right, that there you go, that's the exact comparison point, right?
That's Pokemon saying, okay, the finals, specifically the finals, they're going to be pay-per-view.
And if anybody could do it, Pokemon could do it, but I don't think Pokemon could do it.
>> Yeah, yeah.
That's, I don't, this feels like, um, it feels like they've set themselves up for failure.
Like, that's just especially with the negative PR and like, oh, my word.
>> Oh, absolutely, absolutely.
I would be raging if I was like one of the competitors.
>> Yeah.